let's see how to get on this image
an effect d
titti domino
podda 4
I have a little to simulate
A painting
realized on
fabric
resigning pool pictures as can be the printed one
on paper
all we do is apply without the filters
resurface
africa hitech store
in the choice options
samsung towards the textures
We can
I had 4 choices that are mature
always agustina making fabric in remembering
in fabric
thank you from this morning framework
classical
sandstone what he wants
sandstone stones
with these up here we can not of course regulate the effect of
this filter then with resizing
we will increase
to the right curry tour to the left
the engraving of this of this plot
the revived instead
further raises the thickness of the weft
this house the assembly of tastes and icons of attempts
get the results you need the most like this
this cursor
more we lose definition of image
here we are skiing one
intermediate level should I still clearly read the image in any case fixed
earth effect video well 4
another option that we can use the light direction that will change
the effect of the weft then from the bottom but we would like
lower left another
from the left
another one here too
we will do our tests to find
what we like best
this time view of the ex
read in
preview windows the
we confirm
and we got it
image simulation
for those interested in the terrace